OVER THE WEEKEND, TRUMP VISITED
THE AREAS DEVASTATED BY WILDFIRE
IN CALIFORNIA.
IN THE FACE OF UNIMAGINABLE
TRAGEDY, THE PRESIDENT WAS
CONSISTENT.
IN THE FIRE-RAVAGED TOWN OF
PARADISE, CALIFORNIA, HE SAID
THIS:
>> YOU DON'T SEE WHAT'S GOING ON
UNTIL YOU COME HERE.
AND WHAT WE SAW AT PLEASURE--
WHAT A NAME RIGHT NOW.
BUT WHAT WE JUST SAW, WE JUST
LEFT PLEASURE--
>> PARADISE.
>> OR PARADISE.
AND WHAT WE JUST SAW AT PARADISE
IS JUST, YOU KNOW, IS JUST NOT
ACCEPTABLE.
>> STEPHEN: PLEASURE,
PARADISE... IT'S EASY TO GET
THEM MIXED UP.
JUST REMEMBER, MR. PRESIDENT
"PLEASURE" IS THE DANCER,
"PARADISE" IS WHERE SHE WORKS.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUMP ALSO REFUSED TO
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CLIMATE CHANGE
MIGHT BE CAUSING THESE FIRES.
>> WILL SEEING THIS DEVASTATION
CHANGE YOUR OPINION AT ALL ON
CLIMATE CHANGE MR PRESIDENT?
>> NO, NO, I HAVE A STRONG
OPINION.
I WANT GREAT CLIMATE.
( LAUGHTER )
>> STEPHEN: YOU WANT LEARN
GRAMMAR.
( LAUGHTER )
I WANT NEW PRESIDENT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUMP HAS CLAIMED MANY TIMES
THAT CALIFORNIA'S WILD FIRES ARE
CAUSED BY POOR FOREST
MANAGEMENT, AND HE DID IT AGAIN.
>> I'M COMMITTED TO MAKE SURE WE
GET ALL OF THIS CLEANED OUT AND
PROTECTED.
GOT TO TAKE CARE OFF THE
FLOORS-- YOU KNOW THE FLOORS OF
THE FOREST.
VERY IMPORTANT.
YOU LOOK AT OTHER COUNTRIES
WHERE THEY DO IT DIFFERENTLY AND
IT'S A WHOLE DIFFERENT STORY.
I WAS WITH THE PRESIDENT OF
FINLAND AND HE SAID, "WE HAVE A
MUCH DIFFERENT-- WE ARE A FOREST
NATION."
HE CALLED IT A FOREST NATION AND
THEY SPENT A LOT OF TIME ON
RAKING AND CLEANING AND DOING
THINGS AND THEY DON'T HAVE ANY
PROBLEM.
>> STEPHEN: YOU KNOW WHAT
FINLAND ALSO SPENDS A LOT OF
TIME DOING?
BEING COVERED IN SNOW BECAUSE
IT'S RIGHT BELOW THE ARCTIC
CIRCLE!
THE SAME REASON YOU DON'T HAVE A
SMOKE
DETECTOR INSIDE OF YOUR
FREEZER!
( LAUGHTER )
WHEN ASKED ABOUT IT, FINLAND'S
PRESIDENT SAID HE WASN'T SURE
WHETHER HE GOT THE IDEA THAT
RAKING IS PART OF THE ROUTINE
FOR PANGING ITS FORESTS.
CLEARLY THE PRESIDENT HAS JUST
RESORTED TO MAKING UP ADVICE
FROM WORLD LEADERS.
(AS TRUMP)
"I WAS SPEAKING TO THE SUPREME
IMPERIAL VIKING OF NORWAY THE
OTHER DAY, HIS NAME IS ARTHUR
NORWAY.
( LAUGHTER )
AND HE SAID SO MANY TIMES THEY
PREVENT FIRES BY MOISTURIZING
THE TREES.
( LAUGHTER )
AND YOU KNOW THAT'S WHY THEY
LOOK SO YOUNG-- MOST OF THE
NIVEA IN NORWAY GOES STRAIGHT TO
THEIR FORESTS.
( LAUGHTER )
NO, THIS IS TRUE.
THAT'S WHAT THE SONG 'NORWEGIAN
WOOD' IS ABOUT.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT!